Reagan National Economic Forum 2025 National Survey 
4.28.2025 v6



1.	If you had to choose, would you rather preserve Social Security as it exists today by [ROTATE]
a.	a) raising taxes
b.	b) reducing benefits to people who retire after the year 2035

2.	Which do you agree with more: [ROTATE]
a.	America needs more regulation to protect the public and ensure fairness
b.	America has too much regulation which hurts our economic prosperity, jobs, and global competitiveness

3.	Which best describes your feelings about what artificial intelligence (AI) means for you and your family? [ROTATE A/B ANCHOR C]
a.	Optimistic, because I believe that AI will lead to economic growth and innovation.
b.	Concerned, because I believe that AI could displace workers in existing industries.
c.	I have no strong feelings about AI either way.

4.	Which do you agree with more? [ROTATE]
a.	The U.S. should strive for “energy abundance” by producing more energy than we do today 
b.	The U.S. should strive for “energy sufficiency” by producing just enough energy to meet current needs to keep greenhouse emissions low.

5.	If you had to choose, would you rather the U.S. government prioritize policies that… [ROTATE]
a.	Increase funding for advanced manufacturing, infrastructure, and energy innovation
b.	Increase funding for innovation in software, digital platforms, and AI

6.	Would you support or oppose a free trade agreement with countries in Asia including Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, and Vietnam, in order to counter China’s economic power?
a.	Strongly Support
b.	Somewhat Support
c.	Somewhat Oppose
d.	Strongly Oppose
				
7.	Would you rather the U.S. government prioritize: [ROTATE]
a.	Encouraging innovation to remain the world leader, even if it means tolerating some risk and economic disruption
b.	Ensuring economic stability, even if it slows down innovation, and other countries overtake the U.S.’s lead 

8.	Would you favor or oppose changing local zoning laws in your community to allow for more housing construction, if it made housing more affordable and increased the number of people living in your community?
a.	Strongly Favor
b.	Somewhat favor
c.	Somewhat oppose
d.	Strongly oppose

9.	Over the past few years, would you say the quality of government services provided by your local government has…
a.	Improved
b.	Gotten worse
c.	Stayed the same

10.	In his first inaugural address, President Ronald Reagan said: “Government is not the solution to our problem; government is the problem.” Do you believe this statement still applies to the challenges facing America today?
a.	Strongly agree
b.	Somewhat agree
c.	Somewhat disagree
d.	Strongly disagree

